List of tools in this directory
-------------------------------
Type the name of the tool and -h for more details.

Menu-driven tools
-----------------
Some Menu-driven tools use a command line as well as a menu interface.
To see command line help, type the name of the tool and --help.

patchreview - thorough review of patches, from MR or any two directories.
patbatcmpmgr - menu wrapper for patbatcmp
cherp - uses git cherrypick to apply commits from upstream

CLI-only tools
--------------
. mkbackportlog - creates a list of commits to backport given:
                  * upstream repo
                  * starting upstream commit
                  * starting downstream commit
                  * output directory to contain the generated logs
. cherp - uses the output generated by mkbackportlog to cherry pick commits
. extup - extracts upstream commit hashes from RHEL commits
. gitnice - git log oneline with 12-char hash and options for date and author

Auxilliary Scripts
------------------
These are intended for use by other scripts, though they can be invoked
from the command line. Invoking with -h presents help text.

. patbatcmp - line-by-line compare patches in two directories
. patcmp - options vimdiff, tkdiff, and emacs for visual patch comparisons
. prep-usb-backport - mkbackportlog specialized for usb
. renpat - renames patchfiles using their Subject: lines.
. str2cmt - create a pretty list from bare hashes

Library scripts
---------------
These are clusters of functions and definitions common to most of the
other scripts in this collection. They are organized by utility.

. lib/cherp.conf - config manager template for cherp script
. lib/cmpcommit.conf - config manager template for cmpcommit
. lib/config-manager.source - config manager functions
. lib/gitutilities.source - abstractions various git sequences
. lib/patch-common.source - functions common to patchreview and patchdevelop
. lib/patch-mrutilities.source - various mr and lab sequences
. lib/patch-utils.source - basic utilities for patchreview and patchdevelop
. lib/patchreview.conf - config manager template for patchreview
. lib/ui.source - user interface abstractions

Manuals
-------
man/cherp.txt
man/patchreview-config.txt
man/patchreview.txt

